feat(derive):  implement the FromEvent trait and derive macro (#237)
astarte-platform/astarte-device-sdk-rust: astarte-device-sdk-derive/CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]

> ### Feat
> - Add macro to implement the `FromEvent` trait on a generic struct.

Reviewer: We follow [keepachangelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/#how), use `Added` for introducing a new features.
```suggestion
### Added
- Macro to implement the `FromEvent` trait on a generic struct.
```

Author: My bad, fixed
